Add section on avoiding memory leaks to events.md (#1240)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/v3/components/events.md

See the MDN documentation on using custom elements [lifecycle callbacks](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements#Using_the_lifecycle_callbacks) for more information on `connectedCallback` and `disconnectedCallback`.

### Avoiding Memory Leaks

> Avoid mixing and matching adding and removing event listeners between the [Lit reactive lifecycle methods](/docs/components/lifecycle/#reactive-update-cycle) and custom element [lifecycle callbacks](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements#Using_the_lifecycle_callbacks).  These two lifecycles, in some cases, operate independently of one another.  For example, just because `disconnectedCallback` has been called does not mean that `shouldUpdate`, `willUpdate`, `update`, `render`, and `updated` will not be called again if a [reactive property](/docs/components/properties/) is changed after the element is removed from the DOM.  This can result in memory leaks when listeners attached to active objects contain back references to the component that set them.

Reviewer: I would love to see a description of the problematic structure so that readers can develop a mental model of when event listeners will hold on to the element.

Something like:

Event listeners can sometimes cause memory leaks if they're not removed, depending on the objects or elements they're added to and the objects they reference in the body of the event handler.

Listener functions hold a JavaScript reference to variables closed over in the function body. This behaves as if you added a property to the event target that references the objects used in the handler.

When this can often cause a leak is when a listener is added to an object outside of the custom element or it's children, that references back to the element:

```ts
class LeakyElement extends LitElement {
  constructor() {
    super();
    // This will cause LeakyElement instances to never be GC'ed if not removed:
    window.addEventListener('mousemove', this.#onMouseMove);
  }
  #onMouseMove = (e) => { /* ... */ };
}
```

To prevent a memory leak, you should added these listeners in `connectedCallback()` and remove them in `disconnectedCallback()`:

```ts
class LeakyElement extends LitElement {
  connectedCallback() {
    super.connectedCallback();
    window.addEventListener('mousemove', this.#onMouseMove);
  }
  disconnectedCallback() {
    super.disconnectedCallback();
    window.removeEventListener('mousemove', this.#onMouseMove);
  }
  #onMouseMove = (e) => { /* ... */ };
}
```

Note that the reference to the event listener needs to be the same in the `addEventListener()` and `removeEventListener()` calls. Using a class field initialized to an arrow function is a convenient way to do this. 

Event listeners added by an element to itself or a child do not usually cause a leak because they create a cycle that GCs can collect:

```ts
class LeakyElement extends LitElement {
  constructor() {
    super();
    // This will *not* cause a leak:
    this.addEventListener('click', this.#onClick);
  }
  #onClick = (e) => { /* ... */ };
}
```

```js

> connectedCallback () {
>   super.connectedCallback();
>   this.listeningForResize = false;
> }
> disconnectedCallback() {
>   window.removeEventListener("resize", this.handleWindowResize);
>   super.disconnectedCallback();
> }
> handleWindowResize = (event) => {
>   this.style.width = "880px";
> }
> willUpdate(changedProperties) {
>   if (!this.listeningForResize) {
>     window.addEventListener("resize", this.handleWindowResize);
>     this.listeningForResize = true;
>   }
> }

Reviewer 2: Nit around code style – single quotes for strings and underscore for private method and unused param. Also inline comment to make it clear this shouldn't be done.
```suggestion
connectedCallback () {
  super.connectedCallback();
  this.listeningForResize = false;
}
disconnectedCallback() {
  window.removeEventListener('resize', this._handleWindowResize);
  super.disconnectedCallback();
}
_handleWindowResize = (_event) => {
  this.style.width = '880px';
}
willUpdate(_changedProperties) {
  if (!this.listeningForResize) {
    // This might never get removed and cause a memory leak!
    window.addEventListener('resize', this._handleWindowResize);
    this.listeningForResize = true;
  }
}
```
